README.md, before:

# 💫 About Me:
🛠 I’m currently building mobile apps using Flutter <br>🤝 I’d love to collaborate on open-source initiatives and app development projects<br> 💬 You can reach out to me about Flutter, clean architecture, or mobile best practices <br>⚡ Note: My GitHub isn’t very active since I focus mostly on work projects, but I plan to change that soon


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/gfelipe) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gabrielhfdl&theme=github_dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=gabrielhfdl&theme=github_dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gabrielhfdl&theme=github_dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=gabrielhfdl&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=gabrielhfdl&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->

Commit message:

Revise About Me section in README.md
Updated personal introduction for clarity and conciseness.

README.md, after:

# 💫 About Me:
I'm currently focused on building mobile apps with Flutter. I'm very interested in collaborating on open-source projects and am available to discuss clean architecture and mobile best practices.


## 🌐 Socials:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/gfelipe) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![Dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/dart-%230175C2.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=dart&logoColor=white) ![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white) ![Flutter](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-%2302569B.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Flutter&logoColor=white) ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) ![Firebase](https://img.shields.io/badge/firebase-a08021?style=for-the-badge&logo=firebase&logoColor=ffcd34)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=gabrielhfdl&theme=github_dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false)<br/>
![](https://nirzak-streak-stats.vercel.app/?user=gabrielhfdl&theme=github_dark&hide_border=false)<br/>
![](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=gabrielhfdl&theme=github_dark&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact)

## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=gabrielhfdl&theme=radical&no-frame=false&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

---
[![](https://visitcount.itsvg.in/api?id=gabrielhfdl&icon=0&color=0)](https://visitcount.itsvg.in)

<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
